>> Speaker 1: People are asking how do
you style like global paragraph tags,
stuff like that?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
if you didn't want to have any external
CSS and you want it to handle everything
with emotion let's just pull
up emotions documentations.
Whoops.
Emotion.sh, they have great docs.
But think there is a function called
like global or something like that.
Global styles, this one right here.
So yeah you import, inject.
Let's make that a little bigger for you.
Import inject global like this.
That makes it unreadable.
And then you just do injectGlobal and
you can just put a style sheet in there.
And it will just inject that,
and you can do that in anything.
So, if you wanted to see
what that looks like,
does this export injectGlobal?
InjectGlobal, like that.
And then I say injectGlobal.
>> Brian Holt: So if you come back here
notice now all my text is red
cuz I injected in to global.
Everything should have a color red, okay?
So it literally takes that and
injects it into your global style
sheet.
>> Brian Holt: Which is fun.
I would not suggest injecting
global in just a random component.
It's a terrible idea.
Because you are never
gonna find that lighter.
[LAUGH] So you should have like one
file that does inject global and
then be done with it.
>> Brian Holt: So one question
you should be having from yourself
is look, CSS has no overhead, right?
The browser just downloads it,
parses it and shows it.
This is a terrible idea there shouldn't
performance overheads here, right?
This is kinda why I've chosen to
move away from styles components.
Is style components, it's a big
library and it has a run time so
the runtime is actually kinda slow
can be kinda slow I should say.
Poorly written style
components can be slow.
The motion's small.
It's a couple of kilobytes,
and it's quite fast.
Furthermore, you can actually
go even a step further.
You can run your application and
have it generate a style sheet,
which is then loaded on the side.
I'm not going to show you
how to do that today.
It's a lot of setup.
You can actually have it
generate all of your CSS for you,
which is great.
>> Speaker 3: Going along with that,
with that generated based on like
conditionals that you do, or
would it just be kind of like
a baseline default styles, not the ones
that where you could call a function?
>> Brian Holt: You still need the runtime
for that.
Emotion still has to do things for you,
it's not just going to remove itself
entirely from the equation, but there's
a bunch of stuff that it can do for you.
So that's fair, it's not actually going to
generate everything in the style sheet,
but you can have it basically
generate what you need for
the first render so that you can inline
it in the head or something like that for
your critical styles path.
>> Brian Holt: You
have to do service head
rendering to accomplish that.
Which I will show you how to do
service head rendering later.
Just not with emotion.